hey guys it's me Erica and today I'll be
showing you how to make these bookmarks
inspired by the transformation pens the
inner Scout to use in the anime Sailor
Moon crystal the supplies you will need
are paper clip normal or multicolored
white polymer clay a small star cookie
cutter pen top acrylic paint paintbrush
of e6000 glue clear nail polish and a
toothpick to start off you're gonna take
a piece of clay and roll it out like in
woodford cookie dough make sure not to
roll the pie out too much because you
still want it to have dimension
once you're done rolling take your
cookie cutter and cut out the star you
just made the main part of your bookmark
do this three more times and having an
ending result of 4 stars
next take another piece of play and run
without thinner than the star but not
too thin
once rolled out take the top of a small
market or a pen top to punch out four
circles from the play which we will put
on top of the star
then put the circle in the middle of
star to complete the process before you
bake the clay in the oven according to
the specific baking instructions
once you've let the crate cool after the
oven it is now ready to paint we are
first gonna paint the start all around
with a gold paint for this I decided to
use a paint that was metallic because it
looks a lot better than just using plain
yellow the metallic paint that I'm using
is as tech gold
once this is dry go ahead and paint the
circle of the Sailor stop color you want
which should be self-explanatory and if
you don't know red is for Mars blue is
from Mercury Venus for Jupiter and
orange for Venus once that is finished
let it dry so we can move on to drawing
the symbols of the characters using the
gold paint again dip the tip of the
toothpick into the gold paint to start
drawing the symbols it does not have to
be perfect because mines are not perfect
I'll leave a link in the description of
all the symbols you can copy them
after that is set go ahead and wait for
it to dry and then seal your design with
a clear nail polish then after that take
the e6000 glue be careful this things is
kind of hazardous due to the fumes and
squeeze a little of the glue on to the
back of the star then make sure with
your paper clip to put the star correct
way then just keep the clips I don't
face and down because you do not want
just seal up the side where you can flip
the paper in because that's kinda
awkward if you do and then apply
pressure for about 30 seconds and it
should be stuck on there do this with
all your stars
and then you're finished you can now be
a secret sailing Scot at school using
your bookmark to hold your place in the
textbook or a book you're reading in
class or maybe even a Sailor Moon manga
while you're fighting evil by moonlight
if you guys have any questions please
don't be afraid to ask because I will
save you like to see the nice save
Sailor Moon thank you so much you guys
and see you next time